---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-23T14:57:00.438Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-23T14:41:36.185Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-23-9272feb9-92a0-4c63-a030-ace840476804.md
published: true
url: 9272feb9-92a0-4c63-a030-ace840476804/index.html
_type: Article

---
Group Packages

> Merry-Hill Golf Club will be pleased to host your tournament with a minimum of 20 players, any day of the week. Use this easy Tournament Planner to determine the total cost per person for your group.
> 
> Simply choose the option that best suits your tournment needs and multiply the amounts shown below by the number of participants in your group.
> 
> # **New This Year!**
> 
> * We are inviting**Youth Sports Teams and Groups**to join us for team building days, year end parties and season kick-off parties!Contact us for special promotional rates.

> * **9-Hole Shot-Guns!**Available all year round, just contact us!

> * Do you want to include**skills challenges**and on-course events during your tournament? No problem! Our events co-ordinator is waiting to help plan your day at Merry-Hill.
> 
> **The prices shown below include Gratuity on the Meal Portion (10%) and HST (13%)**
> 
> 9 Holes  
> 
> Of Golf
> 
> 18 Holes  
> Of Golf
> 
> **THE "MERRY-HILL" STEAK DINNER**  
> 10 Oz AAA Marinated Sirloin Steak served with both Coleslaw and Garden Salad, Scalloped Potatoes, Dinner Rolls, Coffee or Tea and Dessert.
> 
> $ 53.00
> 
> $ 63.00
> 
> **BBQ CHICKEN DINNER\***  
> Two Grilled Chicken Breasts served with both Coleslaw and Garden Salad, Scalloped Potatoes, Dinner Rolls,  
> Coffee or Tea and Dessert
> 
> $ 47.00
> 
> $ 57.00
> 
> **HAMBURGER/CHICKEN-ON-A-BUN DINNER**  
> 6 oz. Hamburger or Chicken Breast on a Kaiser served with a variety of Salads, Coffee or Tea and Dessert.
> 
> $ 41.00
> 
> $ 51.00
> 
> **Golf Only**, no meal
> 
> $ 28.25
> 
> $ 39.55
> 
> **Power Cart Rentals (per person)\*\***
> 
> $ 11.30
> 
> $ 16.95
> 
> **Pull Cart Rentals**
> 
> $   3.00
> 
> $   5.00
> 
> **Club Rentals (Left, Right, Ladies, Men)**
> 
> $   8.00
> 
> $ 12.00
> 
> We would be happy to accomodate your Golf-Only tournament needs. Please call 519-648-2831 for details.
> 
> # Some Restrictions Apply:
> 
> **We will accommodate groups from 20 to 48 within our standard tournament policy.**  
> Groups of 48 or less will be provided with consecutive tee times (approximately one and one half hour from first to last). If your Group is larger than 48 Players we are happy to discuss alternative approaches to hosting your group.
> 
> **Tournament Tee Times are generally available after 11:00 am.  
> We will be pleased to discuss alternate start times.**
> 
> **Maximum number of Participants for Meal Seating is 72**  
> You must choose one Meal Option for all Participants (some dietary restrictions can be accommodated)  
> Meals are served Buffet Style in our Dining Room overlooking the Golf Course  
> You may have non-golfers attend for the meal only if you wish.
> 
> **\*\*We are pleased to discuss your power cart requirements for your group.**  
> We can provide four-bag attachments to enable carts to carry four golf bags.  
> Please remember that Merry - Hill is a golf course that is very enjoyable to walk.
> 
> **\*The Tournment Convener is responsible for a lump sum payment for the Golf and Meal portion of the Tournament Fee.**
> 
> **Clothing appropriate to a golf environment is appreciated. Soft spiked golf shoes or cross training athletic shoes are acceptable footwear on the golf course.**
> 
> **Loyalty Discounts and other Promotional Offers are not valid for Tournament Play.**
> 
> # Other Features:
> 
> Rentals may be included in the Tournament Fee or paid by the individual participants on the day of the Tournament.
> 
> Beverage Cart Services are provided at Merry - Hill Golf Club. Please ask for details on times of on-course service.
> 
> We can provide a registration table and marquee for your event.
> 
> We can assist you arranging some interesting tournament formats and competitions such as "Closest to the Pin", "Closest to the Line", Skills Challenges, etc.
> 
> We can assist you in post-tournment scoring for the purposes of prize presentations.
> 
> Contact Fraser Stalkie at[info@merryhillgolf.com][0]for more information or to book your tournament date.



[0]: mailto:info@merryhillgolf.com